Changelog - March 24 (#5572)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-changelog.md

featuredImageType: full
---

Every Friday we update this page with the latest new features, fixes, and updates on PostHog Cloud in the last seven days. We also feature notable additions to the blog and docs. 

> Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag, or only available to paying users. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!

## March 24, 2023 

#### HogQL

> ![HogQL trends breakdown filter](../images/features/hogql/trends-breakdown.png)

Reviewer: I think a GIF would be better than a static image.

HogQL is a massive new feature which we've been quietly rolling out of the the last few weeks. It's essentially a new query language (based on ClickHouse SQL) which enables you to interrogate your data directly - and it's free for all users as part of a public beta. 

> There are multiple ways to use HogQL in PostHog - check [our full announcement](/blog/introducing-hogql) or [the docs](/manual/hogql) for more info - but one of the main ways is by using HogL within breakdowns. Simply select HogQL when choosing an insight breakdown, and you can doing things such as plotting signup sources by email domain, or breaking usage down by a pricing tier. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to use HogQL in PostHog – check [our full announcement](/blog/introducing-hogql) or [the docs](/manual/hogql) for more info – but one of the main ways is by using HogQL within breakdowns. Simply select HogQL when choosing an insight breakdown, and you can do things such as plotting signup sources by email domain, or breaking usage down by a pricing tier. 
```

#### Event explorer
To support the introduction of HogQL, we've renamed and revamped the old Live Events view. It's now called the Event Explorer, and it offers a variety of new ways to filter incoming events and analyse data. 

You can, for example, now use custom columns to a view and filter or transform results using HogQL - which is handy if you want to do things like converting currencies on the fly. But that's not all, so we recommend checking out [our full HogQL announcement](/blog/introducing-hogql) for more info. 

#### Autocapture toggle
![autocapture toggle](../images/blog/array/autocapture.png)

> We very strongly believe that [autocapturing events is a good idea](/blog/is-autocapture-still-bad), but there are definitely situations when you may want to toggle it on/off - such as if you only want to ingest specific events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We very strongly believe that [autocapturing events is a good idea](/blog/is-autocapture-still-bad), but there are definitely situations when you may want to toggle it on/off – such as if you only want to ingest specific events.
```
